fix(curriculam): Clarify instructions for step 28 of music player project (#53619)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-string-and-array-methods-by-building-a-music-player/65364566e84e378837fbaf2a.md

# --description--

In previous steps you built out the functionality for playing a song. Now you need to add the functionality to the play button so that it will play the current song when it is clicked on.

> Use the `addEventListener()` method and pass in a `click` event for the first argument and an empty callback function with arrow syntax for the second argument. Ex.(`()=>{}`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `addEventListener()` method and pass in a `click` event for the first argument and an empty callback function with arrow syntax for the second argument, e.g., `() => {}`.
```
Nitpicking.
